anyways I'm going to record what I'm
going to be making for Bodhi for
breakfast but not really because it's a
three o'clock but we haven't fed him
today so he's going to get sorry the
leftover chicken which is right here he
ate some of this yesterday that's what's
left of it he ate quite a bit yesterday
that's why we didn't feed them until
they're this afternoon so we ate the two
legs the wings are still left and what
you see that's here that he ate and so
we'll give them that today whatever your
heel will probably let them eat this is
about three pounds in total so that
should last about three days but it's a
little bit phony so we're going to add
some this is the bowl we use just a
stainless steel bowl and comes with a
plastic lid biomech Canadian Tire for
like ten boxes packaging three of them
and there's some ground venison which is
this what's left of it comes in about a
pound and a half packs that we had this
is tripe my hands are going to stink
after this but this is tripe so we'll
give them a couple pieces of that and
then this piece here is a bigger block
of frozen stuff that he normally get
that doesn't even see but anyways it's
ground up oregon's so this tripe and
heart and liver and a whole bunch of
good stuff in there spleen tongue all
that stuff so we're good mahakal that
too nothing real scientific here so yeah
that's how big it is I'm not going to
record them feeding it because that's a
waste of time everyone knows what a dog
looks like when they feed so I'll let
I'll just give that to them and i'll
record how much we take away and what's
left when we take away okay
so he's already eating the tripe and the
Oregon mixture it's gone already and
he's working on the chicken he's already
eaten one wing which would be right
there gone and he started on the other
one he's probably not going to like me
touching sleep but he's okay with it
anyways he's eating that in probably
three minutes and
subscribe here he goes way back both
okay so he's done eating there is all
happy sad I took it away from him I had
to come and grab it away from he always
gives a little fight taking it away but
anyways this is what's left not much
legs are gone when you're gone skins
gone on the on the top there's what's
left of one wing right there yes that's
about all that's left these are the
breasts here or what's left of them so
he's almost eaten that whole breast on
this side what we would call normal
chicken breasts that's about it so
that's about how much is left that will
probably last him two more meals with
some other stuff out of bowl of goodness
so he'll get probably he just heard me
open up as can there he's coming over to
check it out so he'll probably get half
of this for for dinner later tonight
like probably 910 will give them half of
this and then some more pieces of the
tripe and the the organ so this is again
another look at tripe it's all kind of
brainy looking and then on the other
side it's smooth so that's a cow's
stomach and I'm just going to look into
our fridge here and I'll show you a
freezer we just keep all bodhi stuff
into a bowl in the freezer in a
container like this and up top there is
the venison we've got loins that's a
pork chop of some sort or a going
chopped nuts sausage we won't be in the
sausage that's actually for us team but
I'll grab this fool so in this bowl is
uh there's a whole mixture of stuff in
here this is just sort of where we keep
all frozen this is a big piece of pork
probably don't won't feed them this this
is probably for us but the pork gives a
bad gas so we don't feel important what
is this is a marrow bone just our
recreational Bowl we don't give them
these too often because they tend to
crack teeth and whatnot but he does like
to chew on them so we get
this is mr. neat I don't even know
what's in this looks like liver and some
heart so it might be some just old fold
chunks of liver and old trunk so hard in
here so all we do is we bag them up in a
little bag like this and then we'll just
take it out seven in a bowl to defrost
it and that's another marrow bone and in
here at the same thing more liver and
more heart just some leftovers of
somewhere making so sorry about that how
do I open up that bag but inside that
bag is how we get the organ mixtures it
just comes in a big block like this and
that there will probably last them how
long would you say a block like that
last of them maybe a week and a half so
we give maybe like I don't know well you
saw the piece that we give anyways
that's how it comes we just wants a
thought i would have kind of falls apart
and that's what all we have in there we
actually have to go shopping for tlie
because that's all the food we have for
him but it should last a while plus the
frozen stuff in the freezer and while
I'm here I'll mention that this tray
that he's up that we got I actually
found this in the trash it's a that's
about two feet by a foot in half and
right from day one he's eating off this
so he knows not to take his food off of
the tray and if he does we just he does
it every now and again but if he does we
just grab his food tell him no put it
back on and he tends just eat it up here
which is a good thing then the carpet
won't get all dirty and we won't have to
clean the floors every time you
okay i hope this helps talk to you later